[doc][cgraph] Reference compiled graph in Ray docs (#50654)
ray-project/ray: doc/source/ray-core/ray-dag.rst

     2) Build libraries on top of the Ray DAG APIs.

.. note::
    

>     Ray DAG API is different from Ray Compiled Graph. Ray Compiled Graph
>     is a new Ray Core API built on top of Ray DAG API. It heavily reuses the Ray DAG API,
>     and additionally **compiles** the DAG, i.e., pre-allocates resources and reuses them
>     across multiple executions.
> 
>     See :ref:`Ray Compiled Graph <ray-compiled-graph>` for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Ray has introduced an experimental API for high-performance workloads that is
    especially well suited for applications using multiple GPUs. This API is built on top of
    the Ray DAG API.

    See :ref:`Ray Compiled Graph <ray-compiled-graph>` for more details.
```
